Add safetensors reader (#555)
zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr: docs/safetensors.md

Reviewer: Does this file appear in the docs? It's not linked to from anywhere else currently

Author: Fixed.

# SafeTensors Reader User Guide

The SafeTensors reader in VirtualiZarr allows you to reference tensors stored in SafeTensors files. This guide explains how to use the reader effectively.

## What is SafeTensors Format?

SafeTensors is a file format for storing tensors (multidimensional arrays) that offers several advantages:
- Safe: No use of pickle, eliminating security concerns
- Efficient: Zero-copy access for fast loading
- Simple: Straightforward binary format with JSON header

> - Language-agnostic: Available across Python, Rust, C++, and JavaScript

Reviewer: Maybe just note here that safetensors was developed by HuggingFace for use in ML model weights. AFAIK no other community uses the format even though they technically could.

Author: Added a mention to HuggingFace.

The format consists of:
- 8 bytes (header size): little-endian uint64 containing the size of the header
- JSON header: Contains metadata for all tensors (shapes, dtypes, offsets)
- Binary data: Contiguous tensor data

## How VirtualiZarr's SafeTensors Reader Works

> VirtualiZarr's SafeTensors reader allows you to:
> - Work with the tensors as xarray DataArrays with named dimensions

Reviewer: To me the fundamental thing here is actually the `ManifestStore`.

```suggestion
VirtualiZarr's SafeTensors reader allows you to:
- Create "virtual" Zarr stores pointing to chunks of data inside SafeTensors files
- Open the virtual zarr stores as xarray DataArrays with named dimensions
```

- Access specific slices of tensors from cloud storage
- Preserve metadata from the original SafeTensors file

## Basic Usage

Opening a SafeTensors file is straightforward:

```python
import virtualizarr as vz

# Open a SafeTensors file
vds = vz.open_virtual_dataset("model.safetensors")

# Access tensors as xarray variables
weight = vds["weight"]
bias = vds["bias"]

# Convert to numpy arrays when needed
weight_array = weight.values
bias_array = bias.values
```

## Custom Dimension Names

By default, dimensions are named generically (e.g., "weight_dim_0", "weight_dim_1"). You can provide custom dimension names for better semantics:

```python
# Define custom dimension names
custom_dims = {
    "weight": ["input_dims", "output_dims"],
    "bias": ["output_dims"]

> }

Reviewer: This is neat, and I'm totally fine keeping it, but FYI an alternative would be to not have this kwarg and encourage the use of xarray's `.rename_dims()` method instead.

Though there is no .rename method on the `ManifestStore`, whereas your approach would allow you to choose dimension names on the `ManifestStore`.
